Fix `declaration-property-value-no-unknown` parse error for `alpha(opacity=n)` to report as violation (#6650)
stylelint/stylelint: .changeset/clean-snakes-cheat.md

---
"stylelint": patch
---

> Fixed: `declaration-property-value-no-unknown` parseError even when a file starts with `/* stylelint-disable */`

Reviewer: [suggest] It seems to me this is a problem of reporting rather than `/* stylelint-disable */`. What about this change (also the PR title)?

```suggestion
Fixed: `declaration-property-value-no-unknown` parse error for `alpha(opacity=n)` to report as violation
```

Author: Much better :)
